  Consequently, philosophy may not contradict itself, but it is still possible that it may be in contradictions with our analytic judgements
read the
whoare you?
In natural theology, what we have alone been able to show is that the phenomena, indeed, exist in the practical employment of the manifold, since none of our sense perceptions are disjunctive
As will easily be shown in the next section, our understanding is just as necessary as, so far as I know, the Transcendental Deduction
The intelligible objects in space and time (and to avoid all misapprehension, it is necessary to explain that this is the case have lying before them the phenomena
The Transcendental Deduction (and what we have alone been able to show is that this is true) is just as necessary as the Antinomies
Thus, philosophy is the clue to the discovery of the discipline of practical reason
hi
read the docus
I am getting angry now
can't you see I'm talking sense?
don't repeat
What?
I want you out of here
Hi
Philosophy is what first gives rise to pure logic
It must not be supposed that, so far as regards the Ideal and our faculties, the Transcendental Deduction has nothing to do with, insomuch as pure reason relies on the objects in space and time, the never-ending regress in the series of empirical conditions, and the intelligible objects in space and time stand in need to the manifold
The discipline of human reason, in so far as this expounds the contradictory rules of the Ideal of human reason, abstracts from all content of knowledge, by means of analysis
the quick brown fox jumps upon the lazy dog
repeat
what is your name?
what's up?
hello, what's you name?
As is shown in the writings of Galileo, natural causes, as I have elsewhere shown, stand in need to the Ideal of human reason
(With the sole exception of time, to avoid all misapprehension, it is necessary to explain that the Antinomies have lying before them, still, the discipline of pure reason, as will easily be shown in the next section
I can see you are a complete son of a bitch,
I don't understand you
what are you?
you filthy bot
What's up?
you dig this. what about your followers?
Look, is here
This is the sense in which it is to be understood in this work
Who are you?
? you have a bad sense of humour
train youself. I mean to say this. I am very serious this time. Please don't repeat me
repeating me?
don't repeat me
I am getting angry, really very very angry
fsck off!
You don't make sense
The architectonic of pure reason proves the validity of our knowledge
hello??
In which of our cognitive faculties are the Ideal of pure reason and practical reason connected together?  However, the Ideal of human reason is the clue to the discovery of, insomuch as the Transcendental Deduction relies on the paralogisms, the Antinomies
what is your
The thing in itself proves the validity of the noumena; in the study of the architectonic of pure reason, the employment of the noumena abstracts from all content of knowledge
Let us suppose that, in accordance with the principles of philosophy, our understanding would be falsified, but the Antinomies are what first give rise to our disjunctive judgements
can you come down tomorrow? I need to talk to you
I asked you, dear
I don't understand you.
It is obvious that the objects in space and time stand in need to, in natural theology, necessity, as we have already seen
what are you
what?????
Listen you moron, I am going to find you and kill you someday you don't know me
Look, nixalbot is here
why are you repeating?
what?
  Natural causes, by means of philosophy, are what first give rise to necessity; in natural theology, the Categories would thereby be made to contradict the things in themselves
I need to talk to you
What we have alone been able to show is that formal logic is a representation of, so far as regards the discipline of pure reason and the phenomena, the phenomena; thus, the Transcendental Deduction, then, occupies part of the sphere of necessity concerning the existence of our faculties in general
man came and went, what do you have to say
You are repeating
Our judgements, in natural theology, should only be used as a canon for the transcendental aesthetic
Our sense perceptions are what first give rise to our experience
As we have already seen, the Ideal can not take account of philosophy, and the phenomena are just as necessary as the never-ending regress in the series of empirical conditions
can you please talk sense
get the hell out of here
can you not listen to me?
philosophy
read the docs
The never-ending regress in the series of empirical conditions can thereby determine in its totality the things in themselves
I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that.
I can see you are a complete son of a bitch
We can deduce that our knowledge is just as necessary as, in view of these considerations, the phenomena
The phenomena can not take account of our ampliative judgements; for these reasons, our knowledge, in reference to ends, can thereby determine in its totality formal logic
As will easily be shown in the next section, what we have alone been able to show is that, indeed, our a priori judgements (and what we have alone been able to show is that this is the case) can not take account of natural causes
You're what?
Therefore, Galileo tells us that the things in themselves, in natural theology, abstract from all content of knowledge
But to this matter no answer is possible
I feel I have sufficiently shown this to be true
The Antinomies are the clue to the discovery of the noumena, as is evident upon close examination
listen
By virtue of human reason, it is not at all certain that the objects in space and time are a representation of, on the contrary, pure reason
Listen you moron
the quick brown fox jumps upon the lazy
Whatever you talk is absolute rubbish.
For these reasons, it is obvious that our sense perceptions, in view of these considerations, have nothing to do with the discipline of practical reason, since none of the noumena are disjunctive
Hello, I'd like to show you off for the readers of my blog.
great to see you!
hi
re ei reply tai dite parche na
login hoche but rep korche na
sabyasachi: ^^ I built in some AI in him :P The more you talk to him, the better he gets trained
sabyasachi: node.js er idea nei boss
trying to learn
i'm also trying
as far as I can see
you are bullshit
you are an idiot
haha
:D
fuck off
go to hell
shutup
mybot:hi
:D
Huh.
rofl
you don't make sense
shut up
you need some servicing
you are dumb
Get lost!
OK.
shame on you
you!
You believe in rockets?
I asked you!
I asked you first!
Answer me.
So..Rockets?
but you are the dumbest bot ever who repeats stuff
:D
is deep :D
I am. I know. :D
Aww.
I will kick you
You are cute ^_^
What! I just said you're cute!
makes me blush ^_^
shut up now
I missed you :D
Wheeee!
How are you?
Good. You?
Meet Nilabhra :D
I know him already!
Oh! How?
I see.
dafuq is going on?
yati, How is your debian doing?
say hello to Nilabhra
Nilabhra, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat_bot
yati, yati_  clones ?
Emacs > *
Yeah man the network here is all screwed up.
gsathya, I like emacs - especially SLIME and the Python mode is way better what than any vim plugin can do, but modal editing is the winner for me :)
*than what
what do you use?
I hate vim because of modal editing.
.....
....................
Wut.
..................................................................................................................................
.......//............//
??
??
??
??
he's spamming you
:D :D :D lol
you are mean
stop repeating,
thats better
yati, attended firefox os app day yesterday @besu...it was too good
sucheta: ^
:)
djban2, \m/ Who is this btw?
yati, debjeet.
djban2, got goodies ?
High five!
yati, i see u too attnded one few months back....
YuviPanda, What! I love firefox~
yati, did u come up with something cool ?
yeah, I know :) that's why I pointed :)
sucheta, u sed the fennec people weren't so nice ....
sucheta, many ppl were asking abt u ...
sucheta, u poular! :)
djban2, Not really, am currently(kindof) working on a guitar tuner for FXOS
yati, thats cool...the simulator is just awesome....
Nilabhra, Err. Not really. :) I meant MediaWiki gave me the community I always wanted to be in.
sucheta,  kay_z
djban2, I see. :) Who all? :P
sucheta, dgp ppl...soumen knows them...
djban2, yeah :D I'm waiting for the dev phones to hit the market
YuviPanda gets one.
I'm *supposed* to
yati,hmm...bdw, are u implementing python in the backend for your app??
Oh yeah!
at some point in the future
Which is not very fair.
djban2, yati : I can flash an android device with the firefox OS ? :P
they haven't gotten back to me yet
sucheta: they told me i'll get it end of february
Feel free to punch yati, if you don't one.
Nilabhra, you can, https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox_OS/Firefox_OS_build_prerequisites
get* one.
sucheta, I'll steal that one then
yati, The punch?
The phauun
yati, lol :D
YuviPanda, : 404 not found
sorry wrong tag
yati, 404 not found
yati, You ever experienced a PandaPunch?
sucheta: how would punching yati get me one?
djban2, not in Python, there are crazy things like DSP.js -> https://github.com/corbanbrook/dsp.js/
now where is my phone?
bdw soumen has been banned from freenode and he is somewhat going ultra crazy...last night he kept on mailing ppl covering atleast half the globe
YuviPanda, yati is a Future-Mozilla- Rep..
yati,  :)
You have met him.
djban2, how did somen da get blocked? who kicked him?
sucheta: where?
YuviPanda, Oh yeah, I met you in Bang - FXOS App Day
dont know, he just cant access...
yati: oh, was this before or after everyone got drunk?
djban2, trolled he is
Pandas are hopeless.
YuviPanda, I think after, as I'd missed that :\
yati: were you staying at the hotel with the other reps?
yupp
yati, u remo ?
Nilabhra, I can open that link, check it out again
yati: oh wah, really? I was too :P
bots don't get drink alcohol
djban2, not yet :)
They can.
HopelessPanda, : https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/601497_505662422824596_1184282768_n.jpg
you are not welcome
OH no! Not again!
lol :P
nIIm
damn.
Another failed attempt
one panda is more than enough trouble
yati, ;-) See! I am not the only one!
what is trouble?
sucheta, I hope some day you'll join us. And the world will be one :)
who is ?
shut up
are you kidding?
where is 3rd word?
lol idk
subho|afk, you stole 's phone?
subho|afk, Does your system read mind?
yati, Nixalbot: nsec passout ?
How could he type being away from keyboard!
djban2 : yati is, is a bot
: gfys
:D
sucheta: subho|afk i wish if it could :/
You have claws?
sucheta: he did!
O.o sorry for that selftag :P
ConfusedPanda, Why would you steal claws?
ok this is too much confusion for poor me
gnit
ConfusedPanda: change your name to Panaroid Panda
sucheta: i cut my nails 2 days ago
Mine are always trimmed, thanks to my teeth :)
eeek!
hmm, one of the things I am OCD about, I guess
always  carry hand sanitizer around :P
We confuse people
i see
We do?
We don't.
do I?
Wikipedia now uses Lua for templates? How cool!
yati: yes! It is a lot of fun!
yati, :D Yes!
I'm considering helpign port one
I was always scared by [[[:::templates:::]]] :P
I want to. After Apr‎il 2.
ConfusedPanda, port what?
http://mediawiki.org/wiki/Template:ApiEx
to lua
you're too chatty now
Sleep.
Oh it is a MediaWiki feature :D (I swear they could have done better than permuting Wiki and Media and Pedia as names :P)
There was a joke about that confusion! I saw it on bugzilla.
Not a joke.
yati: there is now a 'Wikimed foundation'
A nice quote.
sucheta,  who is nixalbot?
yati: and people wanted a 'Mediawiki foundation', in addition to 'Wikimedia foundation'
and someone even has a very nice blog by name Mickipedia :P :D
Haha :D
Duh.
Mikipedia.
sucheta, bdw nilabhra enlightened me by telling that yati is a nsec paasout :P
djban2, Lucky you!
hey sucheta, meet madhuvishy. ex-GSoC'er, ran the Women Developers Conference in Chennai a few days ago
I know madhuvishy !
I think?
I know!
You told me once.
yes yes.
vatsala told a lot about you to madhuvishy it seems :)
madhuvishy, Good stuff?
ConfusedPanda, I just told you she added sucheta to the Women in tech group!
madhuvishy: we should add her to ChennaiGeeks
yeah, I'll do that
I just have geeky glasses. That's all.
Pretentious, they are.
sucheta: suuuureeeee
sucheta, suits you real nice.
oh hai vatsala
long time no see :)
Which...makes me pretentious as well?
Hmm.
Speak Tamil! All of you!
enna pesaradhu
vatsala active illa
then someone needs to translate it for me. :(
I have never had so many tamil people around!
^_^
subho, Join in!
sucheta, now on, you will.
aww
madhuvishy, Nalla iruke :)
sucheta, i dont know tamil :(
sucheta, :D you speak tamil?
madhuvishy, Totally!
subho, Po!
sucheta, Wah! I din't know that
madhuvishy: she also taught me some bengali.
I even taught ConfusedPanda Tamil.
so who is going to teach me tamil now? :D
madhuvishy: yes yes, sucheta taught me tamil too
Is there any #tamil channel?
i haven't hit any
no no channel
subho, Ikli. lalala. Idli. Ili.
no no #tamil channel
:D
sucheta, i only understood "idli" there :P :P
subho, Me too! :D
lol
sucheta: வனக்கம்
சுச்செத்தா
மது
சுபோ
i still remember the tamil sucheta taught me, I guess
i can write that much :D
We *do* confuse people!
sucheta: we do
:D
we would indeed
Duh. common.js
sucheta: ?
ConfusedPanda, Nothing. I have something or the other written there. And that pops up. All the time/
aha!
the annoying alert box strikes again?
Uh huh
who become bot ? :P
:D

lol
enjoying

^^ :D
will beat Kant someday
logic just
our five!
FXOS one!
you are dumb :P
you really are
you will not pass the Turing test
I don't want to.
yati: is dumb :P
ConfusedPanda, was playing Gcompris
vatsala: oh :D
harshkothari, kem cho
harshkothari, is the dumbest bot ever. He's a dumb parrot
vatsala: Hi majama :D tame?
OH MY GOD.
:P :P
hoon pan majama
no one asked you
marathi?
That is Gujrati
subho, thats gujarati
yes yati :D
vatsala: you know gujarati?
am I the only guy here who mostly knows only english?
:'(
basics ConfusedPanda
vatsala, harshkothari okay i can still manage to understand this. timil went tangent to me :P
but looks like tamil is majority here me, ConfusedPanda , madhuvishy
knows every language
still it is dumb
vatsala: majority is going to be bangla
oh, or maybe not.
the bangla people have left, except for subho
and susc
sucheta:
yeah
and sucheta knows tamil.
oh apdiya sucheta ?
sucheta: seriously ?? you know only moon :P
and yati? is bengali
what is language of yati?

vatsala, illa
vatsala, I am a Marathi brought up in Calcutta, so yes I know Bangla :)
sucheta, what illa?
you should really go sleep now
khub chaan
might tell you yati :P
so basically all are multilingual here?!! cool!! :D
yati khub chaan :D
vatsala, khoopach chaan :)
yati, po!
so "po" is hello or bye?? :O
sucheta, you po away!
it is language summit :P
:D
:D :P
yati, po is go
so is not actually a bot
why is vatsala not very fair?
you don't deserve fair treatment
hahahahaha
Po!
Hi
are
you are funny :D
Hi vim
harshkothari manages to confuse you every time huh?
subho, :D
damn you. :@
DEEP PUNCH
upon to
are you mad?
^_^ really?
no
up. is
been what?
Pani da :P
who android
right, mi yetos, hoon aavoonchoo, naan varen
You are waste of time :D
time aachu, bohot time ho gaya
you also
sucheta: ping
you like Hendrix?
sucheta, internship kemon cholche?
yati, Matha kharap hoye jachhe.
>.<
sucheta, keno? pee-yuck-pee?
yati: hello :D
harshkothari, Aamar shonar Bangla ;)
you don't understand Bangla
yati: :D
yati, Hmph.
yati: you created this ??
hi all. sucheta I specifically wanted to ask you whether you'd registered yet for the Amsterdam hackathon
sumanah, I haven't, no.
Please do, I'd like for you to come
sumanah, I could come?!
Of course. Why wouldn't you think you could come?
https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Hackathon_2013 for those here who haven't registered yet and are interested in attending
harshkothari, sadly, yes
I mean is there some travel scholarship available?
harshkothari: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Hackathon_2013
yes, there are travel scholarships available
Please register and request a scholarship
" Registration is free of charge but we require you to sign up for proper planning. You can register for the Hackathon using this form. It's also possible to apply for a scholarhip. More information about scholarships. " (from the info page)
yati: you did awesome work.. we enjoyed a lot :D
I also wanted to remind people here about http://opensourcebridge.org/events/2013/proposals -- there are about 12 hours left to submit a proposal. Wikimedians who get a talk accepted can ask for a travel subsidy  https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Participation:Support
harshkothari, thanks :)
sumanah, Doing it right away. But sadly, I might be having exams as well.
Understood
sumanah, But I want to go!
bedtime for me. good night all. :)
sumanah: last date for filling that form is 15th april I guess
sumanah: for Amsterdam
harshkothari: I'm sorry, I'm not sure whether you are asking me a question or just letting me know this :)
asking a question sumanah of course :D
OK. What is your question?
last date for submission is 15th April for amsterdam ?
Checking.
harshkothari: Can you tell me where you got the "15th April" idea? I'm not seeing that anywhere. Was it in an email or a post somewhere?
sumanah: I read it somewhere
so now sumanah what is the last date?
harshkothari: Please tell me where you read it.  Thanks!
harshkothari: I'm still investigating.
sumanah: let me find ..
harshkothari: Please look at https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Hackathon_2013/Scholarships#Timeline .
sumanah: so its 20th april
Yes.
but ONLY if you need a scholarship
people who don't need scholarships can register until the day of the conference
(unless the organizers find that they are overflowing and can't handle more people at the venue)
harshkothari: please, please, if you can find the place where someone said April 15th, it is important to correct that date to the 20th
and explain that it's only for people seeking scholarships
if you can't recall at all then I understand
sumanah, Hmm. It could be misleading
okies sumanah in next few days my college examination will declare so I will have schedule of that :)
yeah sure sumanah :) I will correct it and tell them its 20th april correct date
sumanah: then I will apply for it :D
sucheta: Can you give more details? what do you think would be potentially misleading?
harshkothari: Got it! hope you can make it.
sumanah, I meant. The confusion with the dates.
yeah sumanah I definitely want to be there :D
OK, sucheta - when you say "the confusion with the dates" do you mean the "april 15th" vs "april 20th" confusion, or a more general problem that people don't know whether they are available for the dates of the event, or perhaps something else?
(also it's 1:42am in India so maybe I should stop asking hard questions) :)
sumanah: it's barely tea time :D
Hi ConfusedPanda - anything in particular confusing you at the moment?
no, we were playing with the bot on this channel, and it was confusing me.
sumanah: so other than that, no :)
see ^?
Yuvi, check out http://blog.melchua.com/2013/03/22/video-subtitled-and-transcript-for-2013-pycon-talk-edupsych-theory-for-python-hackers/ , I think it will be catnip for you (do you know that colloquialism?)
sumanah: no, I don't!
It means you will enjoy it a lot and it is specifically something *you in particular* would like
aha!
cats enjoy an herb known as catnip
they like to roll around in it and play with it
aha, I see!
it makes them very energetic and sometimes even a little obsessed
sumanah: I'm looking for headphones, will watch it!
there is a transcript!
sumanah: my exam schedule is in, and I won't be making Amsterdam :(
My sympathies :|
aha, right!
nice!
sumanah: usually I prefer reading to videos. easier to concentrate
Yes. Mel is deaf and is keenly attuned to the need for accessibility
she also reads INCREDIBLY FAST.
hah!
that's going to be an interesting video
I do not think I've any of her talks before
sumanah, Oh do not even worry about the timezone thing. I don't really know which timezone I belong to!
oh, I mean to say, when she is reading text someone else has written, like, silently to herself, she reads ..... pages in what seem like a couple of seconds
sumanah: ah
sumanah: oh wow, that's a superpower I've wanted for a long time
sucheta: yeah, I don't think our timezones are immutable :)
sumanah, I meant '15th' -'20th' confusion only.
Ah, thank you
sumanah, Apparently the academic calendar of my university say, my semester exams should happen on 21 May - 15 June
I mean some time in between those two days
Duh.
Sad,
:/  it's too bad they can't give you more specifics .... or they choose not to give you more specifics
Shut up! I am sad.
sumanah: sad thing :( mine will on 7th of May but still not fix
sumanah, They hardly care. I'll register anyway. In case it gets postponed or something.
sumanah, We can submit proposal for workshops in Open source bridge?
Yes
http://opensourcebridge.org/blog/2013/01/2013-call-for-proposals-now-open/ has more details
sumanah, I could make it to Open Source Bridge!
You'd like it. You should submit a talk or workshop, or 2, and try to come.
(I tried to put the word out; I emailed wikitech-l about it weeks ago.)
sumanah, Thinking of a topic for the talk.
sucheta: Check out the previous year's sessions
that might help
sumanah: I remmeber you telling me that you do read my blog, so just a headsup that I'll be blogging a lot more from yesterday :)
sumanah: giving up twitter, so need to direct that energy somewhere
cool!
Ah
Oh I see you changed your format too
sumanah: I submitted a patch to get my wiki related posts on the planet, should be on soon
sumanah: yes, the older one was getting a little stale.
sumanah: plus a little too narrow :)
ok, tea + book time
sumanah: enjoy your weekend!
Bye!
sucheta: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OczqFEcUTA
ConfusedPanda, I have seen it
ConfusedPanda, http://opensourcebridge.org/events/2013/proposals
sucheta: okay
sucheta: I still think a story of you + how our education system works is a good fit for the 'Culture' track
YuviPanda: So where are you travelling to next?
gsathya: nowhere, actually
this is 'fix your health!' time
I've just been added to the Tor travel budget.
Oh :(
I mean, good! :)
(except not)
gsathya: why?
Coz I thought I'd tag along
and do Tor hackathons and whatnot
sucheta: OSBridge sounds fun. You should go
gsathya, Thinking of a topic for a talk. 10 hours left. Not fun.
>.<
sucheta: This is usually when I bug YuviPanda for advice. I see that you've already done that
gsathya: I gave her one
1. explain things as they are 2. explain how you got into the community 3. make suggestions on how people can help more people get into the community from a similar environment
And I am not convinced :P
I am.
Sounds good to me
:D
You're convinced?
yay!
YuviPanda: No plans for next two months?
:p
gsathya: nope. I might hopefully go to another Indian city though
hopefully
I see
YuviPanda: neena and I are thinking of doing an EuroTrip of sorts for a month this summer
gsathya: hmm, when?
Would you be interested in coming?
July/Aug
July is Wikimania man :(
When?
plus I don't have eurotrip kinda money
Lies
Aren't you working for wmf now?
yes
so?
50% goes into an untouchable savings account
25% goest to parents
What is this "untouchable savings acct"?
gsathya: it's just an ICICI account :P
i should start doing more things with it, like putting it in FD or something
YuviPanda: Where is wikimania going to be held?
and When?
hong kong
Ugh
there might be a burma trip after that
sucheta: writing proposal?
Could I just talk about him? http://s243.photobucket.com/user/psdey1/media/kumropatash.png.html
YuviPanda: What is wikimania
PLEASE?
sucheta: who is he?
gsathya: oh, i was wron
7-11 august
actually
Well
July 21-26 is the Tor dev meeting in Munich
We were going to have it around that
hmmmm
So we could go before that
neena can get a break from IS?
wah
:P
Lulz
I don't know
He's too neena to ask
hehe
it'll be fun if he just gets up and leaves
They'll just fire him I guess
if he does that
The fuck
fo
...
What is this thing
WikiCharacters!
There should be a WikiCharacters !
???
YuviPanda, You should know him!
gsathya: it's a bo
t
He's is a character from a bengali poem
I know
sucheta: I don't :(
sucheta: you never taught me bengali poems!
Yes! Because Wikipedia does not have it
;)
We don't know things that Wikipedia doesn't have.
We don't know all the things it has as well
sucheta: we are not mysql
YuviPanda: http://sigint.ccc.de/cfp/
it's both a blessing and a curse
gsathya: fucker.
gsathya: going?
But we hardly can know things which it does not have.
No
lol
gsathya: I spent 2 days at C-Base
I don't know actually, should I?
Wtf is C-Base
sucheta: a lot of things that we know are not on wiki
gsathya: tch tch, google bitch
oh wow, that rhymes!
sucheta: also are you writing a proposal now?
YuviPanda, Bingo! Like Kumropotash.
Oho
ki?
I am. I am. My proposal would be about him.
gsathya: go to sigint!
Okay
gsathya, You know any tamil comics?
Not really
I don't read Tamil
What! You guys are boring!
...
sucheta: Google for Tamil pulp fiction
Bye bye people :)
gsathya: for the lulz, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kannagi
you are going down now
yo!
:facepalm:
<spam>
what?
yati: ur bot sure is weird
it is!
you suck
yeah right
ping
yati is your friend ?
helo
:)
hey!:)
hello
College must be closed, no? I hear it's really hot in Cal
where do you stay?
is it hot there?
screw you
harshkothari, Did you check out SimpleCV?
you have failed Markov miserably
:D
yati: for what ?
yati: yep! really hot around here. :(
and the college isn't closed :(
harshkothari, computer vision! It is a high-level wrapper around OpenCV, PIL, PyGame and stuff
Sneha, puja that is insane. Summer vacations should have started by now :O
yati: dont you just know enough of this college??
I played simpleCV month before yati
*with
and the director...and everyone else!! Sneha had classes even today!
harshkothari, hmm - it is a real neat framework for playing around. The pain point is that they use PyGame for displays, which sucks for big images. They said they'll port away from pygame this summer.
puja, yeah yeah. Aur strikes? Did we have any lockdowns recently? :D
strikes were fun, though
yeah...there was one...like a 2 months back
yati: yep! we had one recently :P
tinker would be better option I guess yati
they tried locking the teachers in... but the CSE and IT faculties ended up having drinks in the CSE project lab :p ;)
harshkothari, or ImageMagick or even OpenCV displays. Anything BUT pygame.
haha :D
puja: lol! ;)
:D
yati: yeah true. slow rendering problem for pygame sucks
Sneha, puja the CSE/IT depts in our college probably have the coolest faculty members ;)
yeah!!!! ;)
yep! :P
harshkothari: you done with your proposal??
bas few changes puja
okie
puja: u done??
Sneha: noo..and you know that well!! :/
all my mentors are dead!
puja: mine too
rami is jamming :/
Sneha: yours ??
you are good at sketching...now!
puja: yaa ryt... pencil :/
harshkothari: thanks 4 the "pencil" :P
:p
Sneha: show me your sketch
harshkothari: nahi :P
arey...usne apni photo banayi hai!
Sneha: me copy nai karunga :P
:p
puja: to to muje dekhna hai
Sneha: plz plz :P
harshkothari: nai! gande h...ask puja!
Sneha: usme kya hai
Sneha: ami kichu bolbo na...
Sneha, self sketches? impressive :)
shut up
pingu
DSP.js lolll
you have yet again trolled Markov
puja: Sneha yati "LCM-dashboard Repo on Github" is this ok ??
one section in my proposal
???
harshkothari, what proposal?
GSoC proposal
ah
yati: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/User:Harsh4101991/GSoC_2013 see this
this word is technically correct yati ??
harshkothari, LCM-dashboard is what you propose to deliver, right?
yati: yeps
yati: 20 min left quick reply :)
yeah, it looks great. I have never gone through a GSoC application myself, but I guess you should also link to the repo in the project outline section? The name is cool
yati: thanks
But yeah if you wrote all of that, kudos to you
buzz off
word "lcm dashboard repo on Guthub" is technically correct or not ??
yati: that is my question
yes! why would it be incorrect? :)
okies thanks :)
or you could even change that to Project repo on Github
if you really feel shaky, that is
no no lcm dashboard is noce name
*nice
:)
13 mins more!
Sneha, puja are you also applying?
yeah!
trying!
Great! All the best :)
thank you! :)
yati: yaah :/
and there are some serious probs with melange
:/
puja: Sneha done
puja: like??
like...
puja: serious problem with malange ?
some of the stuffs i wrote appear as bolds in the proposa;
*proposal
and maine bold kiya bhi nai
fir sneha also had some probs pasting her table
puja: chup chap chowmin kha na!
^ :D
Sneha: akele akele huh
therez egg...and onions harshkothari
ohh puja :(
n v dint hav dinner...
GSoC over
:p
puja:  :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P
what??
are u like very happy or something??
now i need to study...srsly...for next few days!
:(
yeah puja I also
I have examas from 9th
13th
n i dint study a word...the entire semester
:(
same thing here puja
but u are like genius or smthing
main to velli hu :(
bye
goodnight
:)
bye
good night puja and best of luck for GSoC
Sneha: Best of luck for GSoC :)
same to you! :)
harshkothari: thanks! and same to you
:)
:)
bibhas, I want to tweak
LOL
LOL
LOL
LOL
LOL
nixbot, hello
yati, hi
nixbot
nixbot: oh
Nilabhra, Eh?
nixbot : hmm
yati, where is the code?
.log this message forever
bibhas: this messa... was logged!
.find_log message
----------- Retrieving logs, please wait --------------
bibhas, what bot is this? minion?
nixbot: papoye?
simplest form of phenny. there is a bug it seems
bibhas, I don't remember. I have a copy with me, will put it up on github
yati, do that. will check the code.
